look who's leaving the backwoods for the
big cities Sandra Dee in Tammy and the
doctor the irrepressible Tammy comes to
Los Angeles to help out at a hospital
with well helped may not be the right
word our clown forgot to put back their
jewelry
Peter Fonda is the young doctor with an
acute case of lovesickness in his
heartwarming and hilarious story of a
naive girl from Mississippi who sets the
world of modern medicine on its ear now
I've got to change my goal yeah um he
busted into such a swell up you
shouldn't have touched him oh why not
because he's sterile over my goodness
and his age you wouldn't figure it make
any difference and now you want me to
kiss you so you can compare well that's
when this girl said I doesn't gotta do
when I can't do no comparing with a
picking your middle Peck like that
Center D is Tammy and peter fonda is the
doctor incurable romance is the
diagnosis for Tammy and the doctor